Let's now test each of the endpoints that we have just added.
I've started up our application and have Postman opened.
When testing each of our endpoints in our previous module,
we saved each of the calls into a MovieRank collection.
So we can go through each of these to ensure we get the expected results back.
If we start at the top of our collection,
we'll load up t GetAllItemsFromDatabase,
and hit Send.
That looks to be working correctly.
Let's try our GetMovie endpoint.
Now our GetUsersRankedMoviesByMovieTitle,
let's see if we can add a movie, a movie with the name Complex Mind.
Now we will update the movie that we have just added
to have a ranking of 3 down from 5.
And finally we test our OverallRanking endpoint.
Everything looks to be working as expected.
We have successfully replaced the Object Persistence model code with the document model.